pkg/gadgets/top/ebpf: add information about referenced maps and their size (#876)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: docs/guides/top/ebpf.md

```bash
$ kubectl gadget top ebpf
NODE             PROGID   TYPE             NAME             PID     COMM                      RUNTIME   RUNCOUNT      MAPMEMORY MAPCOUNT
minikube         3459     Kprobe           vfs_read_entry   4169649 gadgettracerman          736.04µs       1288     40.953 MiB        4
minikube         3458     Tracing          gadget_ebpftop   4169649 gadgettracerman          69.607µs       1088         12   B        1
minikube         3460     Kprobe           vfs_write_entry  4169649 gadgettracerman         614.455µs        647     40.953 MiB        4
minikube         24       CGroupDevice                                                        2.458µs          2          0   B        0
minikube         60       CGroupDevice                      1765    systemd                        0s          0          0   B        0
minikube         51       CGroupDevice                                                             0s          0          0   B        0
...
```

So in this case for example, in the past second `vfs_write_entry` has been called 647 times, which took 614.455µs.

> The program references 4 maps that have a total maximum size of 40.953 MB.

Reviewer: I think the documentation should make it clearer that the size is not the current memory allocation but the maximum, calculated with `max_entries * (key_size + value_size)`, with those 3 parameters as visible from userspace. Some of the consequences:
* BPF_MAP_TYPE_PERF_EVENT_ARRAY: value_size is not counting the ring buffers, but only their file descriptors (i.e. sizeof(int) = 4 bytes)
* BPF_MAP_TYPE_{HASH,ARRAY}_OF_MAPS: value_size is not counting the inner maps, but only their file descriptors (i.e. sizeof(int) = 4 bytes)
* PERCPU maps: the reported size is for one cpu, the multiplication by the number of cpus is left as an exercise to the reader

Author: Added 👍

minikube         48       CGroupDevice                      1765    systemd                        0s             0
...
```

### A note about memory usage of maps

The shown value for MapMemory is calculated by using the parameters of the map: `max_entries * (key_size + value_size)`.

> This is the maximum size the map can have, but it doesn't necessarily reflect its actual size. Additionally, maps can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the maximum size the map can have, but it doesn't necessarily reflect its current memory allocation. Additionally, maps can
```
